all right I got another question for you
like your son has been on top of the
game for so long taking out all the top
competitors like what water does what
did it how has he done that like what
has he done to keep them on top of the
game and keep them above and better than
anybody everybody else nigga man again
my son the best I must confess for the
rest there's no contest he was shocked
your mind whoa he's one of a cash he the
greatest fighter of all time with moves
and grooves and dad's friends your foods
better recognize you as the man you guys
don't want to wait even though you came
here tonight but you're fucking looking
dazed doing sports you to fight we know
you're mad sad talk a lot of trash come
tonight Jimmy flutter yeah 1 Florida
break your jaw in a date time do we do
and when the Hitman finished you'll be
stuck it on sue your hands hanging with
your eyes can't see if you keep double
shit I make get into three because he's
the man with the man it's gonna make the
plan to put you in your pants so don't
be shocked if you get stopped by
cumpilation galore look real close up I
think that last child
but idiot point is he on the floor you
heard it right here Floyd Mayweather see
you're freestyling off the top got them
wars was happy you already know Las
Vegas low-riding super sorry so any
shout out anything hey shout out to
Floyd first Mayweather the best that's
what it is kongregate your man good look
at all right